The purpose of the project is to extact the members of the Hospital executive leadership team from Ontario Hosptials (about 140)
This data will be used to monitor turnover in the executive teams over time. The data set wil also be linke to the Ontario Salary survey data in the future
The focus is on being as acurate as possible. 
the project is using webscrapping tools only and will generate patterns that can be used as guides to extract specific hospitals

Phase 1: Generic approach for ~80% of hospitals
  phase 1a,  get 30 hospitals configured and make a go no go on methods.
Phase 2: Configure the ~20% problematic hospitals individually
Phase 3: Handle edge cases as they come up
Phase 4: data cleanup and  setting this program up to maintain and update a database of Hospital executives in ontario hospitals
 
We are currently in phase 4 of the project, and today we are contining to identify and correct errors in the output
These fall into two general types.
1) a complete failure to identify anyone 
In those cases I find where there is an error that is intended to be pickedup or cleaned up in post processing I have marked the yamal status as ok-PP
2) those edge cases where 1-2 executives listed on the web page are missing in the data. 


In order to continue our debugging process

I will give you:
the FAC  to debug
a description of the error. Or issue as I understand it. 
the yaml code for that FAC
a snippet of html code for the CEO
and the results of the quicktest. If there is a complete failure to idnetify anything from the page I may pass additional information from the helper$analyze_hopsital_structure

The working assumption is that changes to either the pattern_based_scraper.R and the enhanced_hospitals.yaml will be done in one of two ways.
1) The error correction is likely specific only to that hospital or has risks of untoward effects it will go into the # HOSPITAL-SPECIFIC OVERRIDES (Phase 2 Addition)
2) but where possible and with minimum risk the changes should go into the general RECOGNITION CONFIGURATION (Phase 2 Addition) of the  yaml file. That way we may correct other errors with this change
3) Our emphasis is using the yaml code as the source of truth for name and title verification.
 
Please review the pattern_based_scraper.R and the enhanced_hospitals.yaml

In terms of workflow process. The pattern_based_scrape.r and the enhanced_hospitals.yaml code in the knowlege repostiory is current
however, the working copies of both files are in my R environment.

If we need to run code to debug please give me the code and I will run in my R environment

Some hospitals list executives with board members, and other managers or directors. This is especially common in small hospial
These extra names will be dealt with in post processing. 
Please consult me before creating any supplemental documentation.

